Protocol doc modifications after doing a full read-through (#36)
alxdavids/privacy-pass-ietf: draft-davidson-pp-protocol.md

redemption tokens with no additional metadata for an Issuer with a
single key.

## Maximum number of tokens issued {#max-tokens}

> A Server should take care to implement a hard ceiling on the number of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Servers SHOULD impose a hard ceiling on the number of
```

> tokens that can be issued in a single issuance phase to a Client. If
> there is no limit, then this could become a significant vector forcing
> the Server to perform large and costly computations. In practical
> scenarios, this could lead to denial of service (DoS) attacks, or
> similar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tokens that can be issued in a single issuance phase to a Client. If
there is no limit, malicious clients could abuse this and cause excessive
computation, leading to a Denial-of-Service attack.
```
